Okay,
guys.
And welcome back there just to wrap up the math section and particularly the part on using
the worksheet functions.
If you have a V look up now,
I'm going to do what we did in the last one.
I'm just gonna hit space on school.
Oops.
OK,
reset my project.
I don't mind.
Make that so we can actually see all the mom window.
Much better.
Okay,
Now,
if you want to use excels built in the look up function But you want to use it with named
range,
you conduce it this way.
Now,
we could have a name range over here,
but what we could do is set up a temporary named range in our code itself and that will be
built when the code executes,
which is called a runtime.
So this is going to be completely dynamic.
It will build the named range at wrong time.
It will use it and then destroyed.
So none of our memories being eaten up on the ridge two ways to do this.
I find this is the simplest.
We will just say my look up range that's going to be the name of our named range equals
range.
08 to peak.
Sorry.
04 to p four.
Which is this area just here.
Onda,
we're going to do exactly the same thing we're going to read into attempt,
but notice how much easier this is to read so we don't have that range and then the range
specified there or we're gonna say,
is rangy to have a look at what's in me to This is my range,
which we have now read into this variable coming to Comer Falls on Return.
The answer.
So that's the first way of doing.
I'm just gonna press f eight and they go,
you can see that that's worked perfectly.
The other way to do this is by dimension ing your my look up range the variable as a range
.
But to do that,
you then must do set on your mile Look up,
So I'm gonna show you how to do that.
But I think it's more complicated than it needs to be.
So what we would need to do is saying dim my look up range completely messing up the case
in on this.
So But don't worry,
man,
It didn't my look of range as groups as range.
And that tells Excel.
We are dealing with a range.
And then here we would write set and we would say,
Set my look up range equals that no still work But I think it's just too many steps.
There are other uses for set.
I must admit I use them so infrequently.
I can't remember in the last time,
Waas But that's the other way of doing it.
My personal preference.
Avoid the sense.
Avoid dimension in as a range and just stick to this.
My look of range equals.
Tell you what the range is that you're looking at on.
Ben.
You're good to go when you can just call him by that name in any of your V lookups on.
Obviously,
we've been reading these two temp,
but if we wanted to write them to a cell,
we could So for argument's sake,
place to speak yourself.
L six.
So what we could say here if we want to think Rose Range l six And then when we executed
that code bump,
bump,
they get 15 in l six.
Okay,
that concludes everything you need to know about doing mathematical operations in code.
I'll see you in the next lecture